How are you talking? I wonder if this is God?
I will accompany you to save you? Why don’t you see what I’m really like?
Our store is full of valuable treasures.
Are you a big group?
At first glance, it seems that I beat you privately once.
You don’t have anything either?
What did I come for? Shao Shao?
So you have a good mouth?
Dear me, what can I do now?
Why ammon ammon ammon ammon and king are you coming in?
When I first saw it, it looked like I didn’t have smelly feet.
This young master
But the eldest young master of Gaojia
Gao Shao, the son of Mr. Gao Shoufu
If I remember correctly
You Gaojia
Where is your skirt?
He has no right to speak to you
We are high
After all, he is a famous leader in Jiangzhou
Even if it's bankrupt
Failure to abide by one's responsibilities will lead to inferiority and failure.
Higher than higher
Just hurry up and get there
Otherwise, we will beat you down.
From this step he
I'm here to buy something from each other
You colorful tiger, I voted for Pine Forest
Oops, what are you buying?
Do you know the prices here?
The cheapest antique jade here
They all have to start with 500,000
Get up at 300
I bought it to get up